Kitty tutorial (Substrate & Frontend side) Edit (#79)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-how-to-guides: docs/09-tutorials/01-Kitties/Part 2/kitties-frontend-2.md

Learn more about how "Effect Hooks" work in [React's documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-effect.html).

Congratulations! We have setup the ground work of accessing the chain and save all kitty information
internally in React. We will then access and display them in the following sections.

### 2. Create the `KittyAvatar.js` component

In this component, all we're doing is mapping a library of PNG images to the bytes of our Kitty DNA.

> Since it's mostly all Javascript, we won't be going into much details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since it's mostly all Javascript, we won't be going into too much detail on how it is built.
```

To recap: our Kitty Card has a "transfer" button that opens up a 
modal where a user can choose an address to send their Kitty to. That modal will have:

- a Title

> - an read-only field for a Kitty ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a read-only field for a Kitty ID
```
